DOCS-1285: Document Micro-RDK supported models (#2072)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/micro-rdk/encoder/incremental.md

Enter a name for your encoder and click **Create**.

![Configuration of an incremental encoder in the Viam app config builder.](/components/encoder/configure-incremental.png)

Fill in and edit the attributes as applicable.

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="JSON Template" %}}

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
{
  "name": "<your-encoder-name>",
  "model": "incremental",
  "type": "encoder",
  "namespace": "rdk",
  "attributes": {
    "board": "<your-board-name>",
    "pins": {
      "a": "<your-first-pin-number>",
      "b": "<your-second-pin-number>"
    }
  }
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="JSON Example" %}}

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
{
  "components": [
    {
      "name": "myEncoder",
      "model": "incremental",
      "type": "encoder",
      "namespace": "rdk",
      "attributes": {
        "board": "local",
        "pins": {
          "a": "13",
          "b": "11"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

The following attributes are available for `incremental` encoders:

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Name | Type | Inclusion | Description |
| ---- | ---- | --------- | ----------- |

> | `board` | string | **Required** | The `name` of the [board](/components/board/) to which the encoder is wired. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `board` | string | **Required** | The `name` of the [board](/micro-rdk/board/) to which the encoder is wired. |
```
How about this?

Author: LGTM!

> | `pins` | object | **Required** | A struct holding the names of the pins wired to the encoder: <ul> <li> <code>a</code>: GPIO number of one of the pins to which the encoder is wired. </li> <li> <code>b</code>: Required for two phase encoder. GPIO number of the second board pin to which the encoder is wired. </li> </ul> |

Reviewer 2: wording here is a little interesting. I think it maybe implies that pin B is optional (as if we supported something that's _not_ a two-phase encoder), whereas it is definitely required

Author: Ok, removed the `required for two phase encoder` part!
